# June

Based on the [basic rules](/me/habits/rules#habits).

This will be the first month of this attempt to have better habits, so I'll let myself 2 days a week to break this habits.

**End of month update**: failed month, last days didn't log my habits. Won't promise nothing... but will probably add some records on the [habits](/me/habits/) folder.

## Following

### Week #1

|     | Eating | Exercise | Sleep | Communication | Social networks | Internet | Other |
| --- | ------ | -------- | ----- | ------------- | --------------- | -------- | ----- |
| SAT | 0      | 0        | 0     | 0             | 0               | 0        | 0     |

#### SAT

Wasn't expecting to follow the habits a Saturday when arriving from Cordoba.

Only thing that broke the **eating** habit was 2 pieces of bread.

Then I had a lot to do, so didn't **exercise** or do the **other** activities.

Didn't follow the **sleep** part as I went to bed late for going out.

Finally I forgot about what habits had to follow for **communications**, **social networks** and **internet**.

I didn't think I did bad, as I eat pretty well and had a productive day overall.

### Week 2

|     | Eating | Exercise | Sleep | Communication | Social networks | Internet | Other |
| --- | ------ | -------- | ----- | ------------- | --------------- | -------- | ----- |
| SUN | 0      | 0        | 1     | 1             | 0               | 1        | 0     |
| MON | 0      | 0        | 1     | 0             | 0               | 1        | 1     |
| TUE | 1      | 0        | 1     | 1             | 1               | 1        | 1     |
| WED | 1      | 0        | 1     | 1             | 1               | 1        | 0     |
| THU | 0      | 1        | 1     | 0             | 0               | 1        | 1     |
| FRI | 0      | 1        | 1     | 1             | 1               | 1        | 1     |
| SAT | 0      | 0        | 0     | 0             | 0               | 0        | 0     |

#### SUN

**Eat** a pizza with my dad... didn't want to take care when weekend.

Then didn't **exercise** as I got interested in other stuff, but could have been nice going for a run.

On **social networks** I didn't realize that I checked more than twice twitter.

Then for **others** I didn't meditate, but read.

#### MON

**Eat** a day menu and came with dessert and coffee, could have refused but didn't.

For **exercise** I should have planned better the day before, as I end work and didn't have the clothe for going, also it was late, as I had to start at 9 for being the first day at the co-working space.

For **communications** I couldn't avoid to check my mail more that twice... maybe 5 times.

For **internet** I checked twitter more than two times, although I didn't put time to it, just opened the window to see if I got any notifications, then close it... but didn't follow the rules.

#### TUE

Didn't **exercise** as was tired for work and wanted to finish something. Didn't sleep the hours I wanted because I woke up early, but wouldn't put that as a failure of my **sleeping** habit as there were not much I can do about getting up early and not being able to sleep after.

#### WED

Didn't **exercise**, **read** nor **meditate** today, blame on lack of planning.

On the exercise part I was having trouble deciding if on morning or after work, will do it on morning. Also meditate would be better to do it before work. I could read 30' before and if I want 30' after.

#### TUE

So today I wanted to rest in between work... I have a coffee shop near my office, went there and **eat** a pudding with a coffee. Also when arriving home, I didn't want to cook because it was late so end up eating what my family prepared that had some wheat flour, not a lot but anyways.

Also mention that I had to check whatsapp and end up seeing an important message I had to reply. That reply end up being a back and forward... so at that point the **communication** habit was broke.

Then I checked my **social networks** more than twice as I was bored at worked. Should have read something instead or chat.

#### FRI

Awesome morning but after lunch I wanted to go read so time before coming back to work, so went to a near caffee again, breaking my **eat** rule for having a coffee after lunch and for having something sweet to eat with with the coffee. Then I went out that night and eat more junk with a lot of beer... which is fine, I don't want to look like that guy that only drinks water and keeps a log of their habits, but should have take more care within the week, it's ok for me to have a beer when going out or not being not to strict on weekends.

#### SAT

Didn't want to follow the habit rules, as I mentioned on the basic rules definition.

In retrospective, I should have take more care on the week, and not go so bad on the weekend.

#### Thoughts on the week

Didn't follow the rules well, realized that I have to plan carefully the next day, and that I have to have replacements, so maybe buy some unsweet chocolate or have some fruit.

Then I realized that some rules are not so well written, or that I'm not so specific. So I'll clarify some.

### Week 3

|     | Eating | Exercise | Sleep | Communication | Social networks | Internet | Other |
| --- | ------ | -------- | ----- | ------------- | --------------- | -------- | ----- |
| SUN | 0      | 0        | 1     | 0             | 0               | 0        | 0     |
| MON | 0      | 1        | 1     | 1             | 1               | 1        | 0     |
| TUE | 0      | 1        | 1     | 1             | 1               | 1        | 1     |
| WED | 0      | 0        | 1     | 1             | 1               | 1        | 1     |
| THU | 0      | 1        | 1     | 0             | 1               | 1        | 0     |
| FRI | 0      | 1        | 1     | 0             | 0               | 0        | 1     |
| SAT | 0      | 1        | 1     | 0             | 0               | 1        | 0     |

#### SUN

Sunday... you know, defined that I wasn't going to follow the rules necessary on weekends.

#### MON

Pretty good day. Just that I **eat** a cookie, just one, and it even was selled like "healthy"... but ok, rule broke.

Then as I sleep more time than usual, so I didn't **read**.

#### TUE

Don't want to **eat** well really haha. **Eat** a pudin and a cookie today. Is not very bad but still.

I have to make a replacement for when I want something sweet or with chocolate, like a fruit or 80% chocolate.

#### WED

Wasn't even trying. I woke up not wanting to work a lot, so took my time on the morning, went to a coffee near the place I work and had a breakfast there, so didn't **eat** well. Then waiting for a movie I went to another coffee place. Today I knew I was going to eat bad.

As I woke up late I didn't exercise, but that's ok as I wanted to rest from my previous days of training.

#### THU

Went to a tech conference and didn't **eat** well. Wasn't trying to.

In that conference I think I chat thought wpp on the morning.

Then didn't read or meditate.

#### FRI

Don't remember so well...

#### SAT

Don't remember either. I didn't want to **eat** well or take care on a weekend.

#### Thoughts on the week

So not **eating** bad is not trivial. I frequently want to eat outside to change air, maybe I'm working at the office or doing something at home and want to go to another place. When doing that, in those places there isn't a lot of healthy alternatives.

I should **look for replacements of food that I can create** but also **be alert for places that offer healthy options**.

Then **attach to a routine** so I can follow the reading, meditate and planning habits.

After those 2 things I don't think there is anything more to consider.

### Week 4

|     | Eating | Exercise | Sleep | Communication | Social networks | Internet | Other |
| --- | ------ | -------- | ----- | ------------- | --------------- | -------- | ----- |
| SUN | 0      | 0        | 1     | 0             | 0               | 1        | 0     |
| MON | 0      | 0        | 1     | 0             | 0               | 1        | 0     |
| TUE | 0      | 0        | 1     | 0             | 0               | 1        | 0     |
| WED | 0      | 1        | 0     | 0             | 0               | 1        | 0     |
| THU | 0      | 0        | 1     | 0             | 0               | 1        | 1     |
| FRI | 0      | 1        | 1     | 0             | 0               | 1        | 1     |
| SAT | 0      | 1        | 0     | 0             | 0               | 0        | 0     |

#### SUN

It's a no care day.

#### MON

Don't remember.

#### TUE

**Eat** bad fir joining a group of students, could have rejected the offer and would be fine too. Then went to a starbucks where I had a not so much sugared coffee and some crap with that.

Didn't **exercise** as I had no much time on the day, and it was rainy for going on bike.

Also didn't read or meditate... could have avoided that with some planning.

#### WED

Didn't **eat** correctly, but not so overkill. I had 3 coffees during the day, a cookie with the last coffee, and the worst... after having dinner at night a dessert 😕. Regret the last decisions as soon as I start eating the dessert, wasn't good either.

Then for cleaning my room for an infection, I **slept** late. With some planning this could be avoided.

Also didn't save time for myself to read, but I meditated and exercised.

#### THU

Don't remember... should fill this record every night or the next morning.

#### FRI

All good until the end of the day. At 18hs I end a call and wanted to work after that, so went out to eat something and I could have **eaten** just some salad or omelette, but wanted something sweet and end up having a coffee with some crap after the omelette.

Then social networks and communications I didn't give that much importance.

#### SAT

Not wanted to follow the rules on a weekend.

Could have eaten better thought.

#### Week 5

|     | Eating | Exercise | Sleep | Communication | Social networks | Internet | Other |
| --- | ------ | -------- | ----- | ------------- | --------------- | -------- | ----- |
| SUN | 1      | 0        | 1     | 1             | 0               | 1        | 0     |
| MON | 1      | 1        | 1     | 1             | 1               | 1        | 0     |
| TUE | 0      | 0        | 1     | 1             | 1               | 1        | 0     |
| WED |        |          |       |               |                 |          |       |
| THU |        |          |       |               |                 |          |       |
| FRI |        |          |       |               |                 |          |       |
| SAT |        |          |       |               |                 |          |       |

### SUN

Non rule following day, or rest day.

### MON

Busy day, so no reading nor meditation.

### TUE

**Eat** a chocolate 70% dessert, shouldn't have done that. Then didn't exercise (much), as it was a busy day.
